common issue in payment gateway

Payment gateway timeout or delays.
Duplicate charges or multiple transactions for the same payment.
Incorrect total amount displayed or processed.
Missing or delayed payment confirmation.
Refund processing errors.

pencil test cases
Check the length of a pencil, strength of the outer wooden body,
2. Check thickness and resilience of graphite material (one type of crystalline carbon black in color)
3. Check readability after writing text using pencil
4. Check if written on different types of paper, cloth, or wood.
5. Check how many meters can be written with the available graphite material in single pencil.
6. Check the written text on paper is erasable with a normal rubber eraser.
7. Check if a normal sharpener can sharpen the pencil or not
8. Check if you can write after graphite is dipped in water, oil or dust.
9. Check if the name of the company written has correct spelling printed on pencil or not .
10. Check if graphite are not broken already or brittle.

whatsapp test cases
WhatsApp are mobile application to communicate between two friends or more group of people
by sharing text, image, video or audio files.
WhatsApp application should able to quickly download in mobile
WhatsApp numbers should be present in Contact List to send messages to that number from mobile via
whatsapp.
The message received should be from whatsapp number may not be present in contact list of mobile.
WhatsApp should allow typing text
WhatsApp should allow attaching image(s)
WhatsApp should allow video and audio file(s)
WhatsApp should able to send or receive text, image, video or audio files.
The received files should able to download to the mobile’s storage and viewer should able to read or view
these files
WhatsApp should have notification of receipt of new files, give status of time of receipt a nd provide status
of read files to the sender.
WhatsApp web application should be accessible on scanning the image using registered mobile on which
WhatsApp application has been installed.

google drive testcases
Google Drive allow you to save, share and exchange files or documents with click of a button.
In order to access Google Drive, you should have Google account
User should able to upload file to Google Drive and should store the file instantly
User should able to share file to particular person by adding their email addresses
The sharable link of file on Drive should able to be sent via email
On clicking shared link, the file should able to open in read only format The
shared file should able to get downloaded.




